added metadata to xsiam dashboard (#3608)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Updated the **format** command to use the content graph instead of the id_set file.
* Updated **format** command not to fail on unexpected values that returns from the graph, and just add it to the log.
* Removed a redundant debug log on the `tools.get_file` function.

> * Added a metadata key to the XSIAM dashboard schema.

Reviewer: pay attention your changelog is on 1.19.0
make sure to add it to `Unreleased` section, you should merge from master

```suggestion
* Added the *metadata* key to the XSIAM dashboard schema. <explain shortly the purpose of this field>
```
